Expose MSbuild property for setting shell file (#2182)
dotnet/runtimelab: src/coreclr/nativeaot/docs/wasm.md

# WASM applications configuration with Native AOT

Currently NativeAOT-LLVM supports following additional properties

> - `WasmHtmlTemplate` which specified path to the HTML template within which WASM application would be embeded.

Reviewer: Instead of a new file, I think it would be better to use [the existing section](https://github.com/dotnet/runtimelab/blob/feature/NativeAOT-LLVM/docs/using-nativeaot/compiling.md#webassembly).

> - `WasmHtmlTemplate` which specified path to the HTML template within which WASM application would be embeded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `WasmHtmlTemplate`: specifies path to the HTML template within which the WASM application will be embedded.
```
We also need to document its format (by linking to Emscripten documentation, probably)
